# snake_case

### Week 13: Snapper Chain

The Snapper is a clever little device that, on one side, plugs its input
plug into an output socket, and, on the other side, exposes an output socket
for plugging in a light or other device... _keep reading at:_
https://code.google.com/codejam/contest/433101/dashboard

### Week 12: 8 Queens

On a chess board, a queen can capture other pieces by moving any number of
spaces along its row, column, and diagonal. Can you place 8 queens on an 8
by 8 chess board such that no queen can capture any other queen? How many
different arrangements are there?

### Week 11: March Madness

How many different possible brackets are there for March Madness?

### Week 10: Random Line

How could you select one of N objects at random, where you see the objects
sequentially but you don't know the value of N beforehand? For concreteness,
how would you read a text file, and select and print one random line, when
you don't know the number of lines in advance.

### Week 8 - Week 9: Solving Sudoku

A Sudoku puzzle is a 9 by 9 grid of numbers from 1 to 9 such that each row,
column, and 3x3 box contain exactly those numbers. Write an algorithm that
given a sudoku puzzle can compute the solution.

### Week 7: Thirty Four

A 4 by 4 grid can be filled with the numbers from 1 to 16 such that each
row, column, and both of the diagonals all add up to thirty four. What is
the total number of ways that a 4 by 4 grid can be filled in this way?

### Week 6: LED Clock

You are (voluntarily) in a room that is completely dark except
for the light coming from an old LED digital alarm clock. This is one of
those clocks with 4 seven segment displays using an HH:MM time format. The
clock is configured to display time in a 24 hour format and the leading
digit will be blank if not used. What is the period of time between when the
room is at its darkest to when it is at its lightest?

*adapted from [LED Clock of Coffee Time
Challenges](http://www.datagenetics.com/blog/june22014/index.html)*

### Week 5: Valid Sudoku

A Sudoku puzzle is a 9x9 grid of numbers from 1 to 9 such
that each row, column, and 3x3 box contain exactly those numbers, no
duplicates. Write an algorithm that can check if a solution to a sudoku
puzzle is a valid one.

### Week 4: From One End to the Other

Find the smallest possible (positive) integer that ends in a six such that
if that six is removed and placed in front of the remaining digits of the
number, the resulting number will be four times as large as the original.

*adapted from [Start and end of Coffee Time
Challenges](http://www.datagenetics.com/blog/june22014/index.html)*

### Week 3: City Walking

Starting in the Northwest corner of a 2 block by 2 block city center, you
want to move to the Southeast corner. By moving only East and South a block
at a time, there are 6 paths through the city center. How many paths are
there if the city center is 20 blocks by 20 blocks? How many paths are there
if you can only move at most two blocks in a given direction at a time?

*adapted from [Lattice Paths of Project
Euler](https://projecteuler.net/problem=15)*

### Week 2: Vim Buffer

I open up a new Vim buffer and type all the numbers 1 to 10,000, separated
by spaces. Then, my cat walks on the keyboard and somehow activates a
substitution command that replaces all the '0' digits (zeros) with spaces.
If I now sum up all the numbers in the buffer, as delineated by spaces, what
is the total?

*adapted from [Word Doc of Coffee Time
Challenges](http://www.datagenetics.com/blog/june22014/index.html)*

### Week 1: Round Robin

Given 3 teams (A, B, C), we want to organize a tournament schedule such that
every team plays every other team exactly once. Here is a valid schedule for
these 3 teams: A-B, B-C, A-C. How about if we have N teams? Devise a
general-purpose algorithm that generates tournament schedules for N teams.
